But I've decided that before I do that
You enjoy it first
Make a good impression on you.
Well, even if you are a lot of gourds
No one will come to save your life.
How is it, Boss Lin?
I saw Wang Qianjun go in with my own eyes just now.
When do we go in?
Now.
Hey, help!
Help!
Yeah yeah
Wang, according to me, I have given you all the property.
Why are you still invading me?
Ah, you've gone too far.
Oh yeah, you actually found Wang according to
Damn li yu
How dare you betray me?
out of breath
You've gone too far.
Forestry I have something to tell you
This is an important matter.
What's the matter with your wife?
Very moist hahahahaha
Take them both away from me
Take back to the yamen
Sorry.
I'm late.
Sir, don't listen to his nonsense
Nothing happened between me and him
I was about to bite my tongue just now
I thought I would never see you again
Hey, why are you so stupid?
You gave him so much sincerity for me
Did you work so hard to earn it?
Don't you feel sorry?
The money is gone, you can make it again.
If people are gone, there is nothing
Money is external
Don't worry.
Husband, I was born to be your person
Death is your ghost